---
NoteIcon: journal
aat-render-enabled: true
fc-category:
  - Event Category 1
fc-display-name: 
sessionstatus:
  - Occured
type: Session Journal
sessionDate: 2025-04-19
players: 5
Status:
  - Done
OneLiner: 1 Line Summary
timelines:
  - journal
tags:
  - journal
---

# Roster 

%% Keep track of who turned up. %%

- [[Eowyn Swiftbottle]] 
- [[Missa]]
- [[Nyx]]
- [[Thorin Stormblade]]
- [[TzarFace]]

## Absent


# Session Overview

Party met up with Thorin and found the murals hidden beneath Arjhan's tavern. Arjhan shared that  he used to be part of the monk monastery in his youth. 
>Thorin has a piece of the map fragment
>	Is keeping it secret from the group for now

After speaking with Arjhan the group makes their way to the monastery. Before getting there they enter the fogged vale encounter (200xp):
 - [[Eowyn Encounter]]
	 - Result: Tell Thrain the truth
		- Gains **advantage on Charisma (Deception, Persuasion, or Intimidation)** checks when talking about her past.
	    - Thrain's Momento: Once per combat, may **invoke Thrain’s memory** (e.g. flipping a ghostly coin) to reroll a missed attack or failed saving throw.
 - [[Missa Encounter]]
	 - Result: Took barbarian banner
		- **Barbaric honor**: +1 to melee weapon damage, **Advantage on Intimidation checks** 1/per long rest.
	    - **Disadvantage on Wisdom saves vs charm or deception**, as rage blurs her clarity.
 - [[Nyx Encounter]]
	 - Result: End its suffering
		- Gains **resistance to necrotic damage** until the next long rest.
	    - But the next time she tries to **speak to or summon an animal**, it hesitates or refuses, sensing something broken (DC 16 animal handling check).
 - [[Thorin Encounter]]
	 - Result: Stand with the fallen
		 - Gains **inspiration** and resistance to fear
 - [[Tzar Face Encounter]]
	 - Result: Spoke with the vision
		 - Gained  **Healing Insight**: **Advantage on Wisdom and Insight checks**, 1/per long rest

Once past the fog they reach the training grounds of the monastery. After a brief exploring they are met with ghostly apparitions of the monks. (240xp)
After defeating the monks they enter the grand hall and investigate the area. After finding all the items to open the locked door, Varnok introduces himself and tells the players about Vuremodor and how they must save him to save the island and the natural balance. 

**Side Quest**:
- The adventurers take wine caskets down to Arjhan's Tavern in hopes of selling the wine to Bandit to repay their debt. 